All right extract matrix column so well we're going to have here is a two dimensional array with a bunch
of numbers in there and then we're going to get a index value or a column value.
And what we're expected to return is a array of those values so if the column is true or index to where
we are in turn 1 we're in turn 0.
We're going to return 3.
The only hint I really have for you is that I use push as a method in here.
Let's go ahead and get started.
All right so when I saw this was I created a array that I just called Matrix column and this is going
to be a number single dimension number and we're going to initialize it to an empty array at the end
here.
Only 1 do is go ahead and take matrix column and us and just return it.
Now we have this column number here and all we have to do is take our two dimensional array matrix and
iterate over it and just take what we'll call row for our element to paint the picture a little bit
and put make sure it's column push.
Or do we push in from each one of these rows.
Well we're going to be pushing the column value column which essentially is our index value and that's
it really at the end of the day it's going to subtract it out.
So just to go over the logic real quick we can go ahead and say look go and get the matrix created.
Create an array.
Iterate through our two dimensional matrix on each one of the rows.
Go ahead and push the column value that we want which are right here.
And then finally just return the array.